Added some C#-snippets to tutorials/using_servers.rst (#8241)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/performance/using_servers.rst

        var xform = Transform2D().rotated(deg_to_rad(45)).translated(Vector2(20, 30))
        RenderingServer.canvas_item_set_transform(ci_rid, xform)

 .. code-tab:: csharp

    public partial class MyNode2D : Node2D
    {

>         // RenderingServer expects references to be kept around. GC will otherwise remove your objects sooner or later...

Reviewer: Not sure if the mention of the GC is needed.
```suggestion
        // RenderingServer expects references to be kept around.
```

Author: because the GC doesnt immediately remove the object, beginners might tend to NOT keep the reference because it works even without the reference. but this might only be a few seconds and they will run into problems later. i find it an extremly helpful remark/further insight.

>         Texture2D texture;

Reviewer: The access modifier should be explicit, our naming convention for private members is camelCase prefixed by an underscore (`_`).

```suggestion
        private Texture2D _texture;
```

>         // We keep the Rid for later access, for example if we want to remove (clear) the item later.
>         Rid ci_rid;

Reviewer: The GDScript example doesn't keep a reference to this RID.

```suggestion
```

Author: it's important for the next snipped to work, that's why i kept it

        public override void _Ready()
    	{
    		// Create a canvas item, child of this node.

>     		ci_rid = RenderingServer.CanvasItemCreate();

Reviewer: Our naming convention for local variables is camelCase.

```suggestion
            Rid ciRid = RenderingServer.CanvasItemCreate();
```

    		// Make this node the parent.
    		RenderingServer.CanvasItemSetParent(ci_rid, GetCanvasItem());
            // Draw a texture on it.
            // Remember, keep this reference.

>             Texture2D texture = ResourceLoader.Load<Texture2D>("res://my_texture.png");

Reviewer: Like the comment says, the texture returned by this method should be stored in the class member declared earlier to keep it around.

Also, the convention in C# projects is to name files using PascalCase.

```suggestion
            _texture = ResourceLoader.Load<Texture2D>("res://MyTexture.png");
```

        var xform = Transform3D(Basis(), Vector3(20, 100, 0))
        RenderingServer.instance_set_transform(instance, xform)

 .. code-tab:: csharp

>     public partial class MyNode3D : Node3D

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

    public partial class MyNode3D : Node3D
```

Author: damn, thank you! :-)

        var xform = Transform3D(Basis(), Vector3(20, 100, 0))
        RenderingServer.instance_set_transform(instance, xform)

 .. code-tab:: csharp

    public partial class MyNode3D : Node3D
    {

>         // RenderingServer expects references to be kept around. GC will otherwise remove your meshes sooner or later...
>         Mesh mesh;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // RenderingServer expects references to be kept around.
        private Mesh _mesh;
```

        public override void _Ready()
    	{
            // Create a visual instance (for 3D).
            Rid instance = RenderingServer.InstanceCreate();
            // Set the scenario from the world, this ensures it
            // appears with the same objects as the scene.
            Rid scenario = GetWorld3D().Scenario;
            RenderingServer.InstanceSetScenario(instance, scenario);
            // Add a mesh to it.
            // Remember, keep the reference.

>             mesh = ResourceLoader.Load<Mesh>("res://mymesh.obj");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            _mesh = ResourceLoader.Load<Mesh>("res://MyMesh.obj");
```
